Docs: Update to point to managed federation & add some details (#3045)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/federation/implementing.md

})();
```

> In this example, we provide the `serviceList` configuration to the `ApolloGateway` constructor, which provides a name and endpoint for each of the federated services. The name (an arbitrary string) is primarily used for query planner output, error messages, and logging.

Reviewer: Existing: This references "endpoint" but the configuration noted above is `url`.  Perhaps we could make that association 1:1?

```suggestion
In this example, we provide the `serviceList` configuration to the `ApolloGateway` constructor, which provides a name and endpoint for each of the federated services. The name (an arbitrary string) is primarily used for query planner output, error messages, and logging.
```

> It's important to ensure that **federated services are not exposed publicly**. Because of the power and flexibility of the `_entities` field, it may present a serious risk to expose it. The model of federation implies that the gateway implements the entirety of the graph and uses the federated services beneath it in its implementation, so there should never be a need for a client to reach these services directly. If, for some reason, you want to allow outside traffic to send operations to implementing services, we highly recommend keeping the `_entities` field restricted.

Reviewer: > If, for some reason, you want to allow outside traffic to send operations to implementing services, we highly recommend keeping the `_entities` field restricted.

What would be the suggestion for implementing this restriction?   I think a more simple security model here would be sticking to the suggestion that federated services not be exposed publicly.

> It's important to ensure that **federated services are not exposed publicly**. Because of the power and flexibility of the `_entities` field, it may present a serious risk to expose it. The model of federation implies that the gateway implements the entirety of the graph and uses the federated services beneath it in its implementation, so there should never be a need for a client to reach these services directly. If, for some reason, you want to allow outside traffic to send operations to implementing services, we highly recommend keeping the `_entities` field restricted.

Reviewer: Musing as to whether this paragraph could be shortened:

```suggestion
Due the power and flexibility of federation's `_entities` field **federated services should not be publicly accessible**.  Clients are expected to communicate directly with the gateway.  Since circumventing this pattern could expose downstream federated services in ways which they were not intended to be exposed, proper ingress limitations (e.g. firewall rules) should be enforced.
```

> > NOTE: In production, we recommend configuring the gateway using a managed configuration, providing static files for federated service specification rather than relying on introspection. For details on how to use the [Apollo schema registry](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/platform/schema-registry/) to support this workflow, see [the platform docs](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/platform/federation/).

Reviewer: Just musing:

```suggestion
> NOTE: In production, we recommend configuring the gateway in a managed mode, which relies on static files rather than introspection. For details on how to use the [Apollo schema registry](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/platform/schema-registry/) to support this workflow, see [the platform docs](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/platform/federation/).
```
